** Config File Details ** 

Config file is set-up in json format. A sample file is provided. The user of the software should create their own config file in the format of provided sample config file.

Following are the descriptions of items in the config file:

project: 
	name: The name of the project. This will also be the name of the output directory. 
	cell_line: A list of cell lines used in project. This field is only informative.
	enrichment: A list of enrichments used in the project. This field is only informative.
	dosage: A list of drugs, dosage, time used in the project. This field is only informative

datasets:
	index_file_parameters: 
		index: The full path of the file that contains the path of the chip-seq dataset and a simpler code name for the file. A sample file is provided.
		relative: If the path of the chip-seq file is relative to index file, then relative is 1. If the path of the chip-seq file is full path, relative is 0.
	comparison: 
		treatment: The chip-seq treatment whose peaks are computed
		control: The control (background) chip-seq for the treatment

peak_calling:
	tools: The list of tools used by this software. Do not change the tool names.
		MACS:
			exec: MACS run command
			options: MACS run options
		HMCan:
			exec: HMCan run command
			config_file: HMCan config file. The provided sample can be used as it is. 
		macs_cnv_region_identifiers: HMCan appears to find peaks correctly in the CNV regions. This section finds the regions where MACS cannot find the peaks and appear to be CNV regions
			min_size: Minimum size of genome where MACS cannot find a peak
			min_coverage_gain_over_average: CNV regions are identified by looking for regions in control where coverage is gained compared to average over the genome. This parameter is threshold for the coverage gain
			window_size: The size of window over which the coverage gain is computed

genefiles: Path of all the files used by the software
	genegtf: Reference gene file in gtf format
	genetssgtf: Reference gene TSS file in gtf format
	transcriptionfactorfile: List of transcription factors
	kinasefile: List of kinases

analysis: 
	union: The list of treatments that are used for combine the peaks for consolidated analysis
	report: The list of treatments that are output in the report
	parameters:
		readfragmentsize: Read size of the chip-seq 
		stitchpeakdistance: Distance threshold to combine two nearby peaks
                promotordistance: Distance threshold for peak to be considered in promoter region 
		enhancerdistance: Distance threshold for peak to be considered in enhancer region 
		plot_avg_halfwindowwidth: Distance around TSS for plotting average for the complete genome
		plot_gene_halfwindowwidth: Distance around a gene for plotting the chip-seq coverage
		superenhancercutoff: reads per million for a peak to be considered a superenhancer
	redo: Set the flag to 1 if the program should re-run over various sections of the program
		peak_calling: if MACS and HMCan should rerun
		projectjson: if the consolidation of peaks should rerun
		projectpeakattrjson: if assigning genes to peaks should rerun
		csv: if the final report writing should rerun
		plot_avg_TSS: if plotting the average TSS should rerun
		plot_superenhancer: if superenhancer plot should rerun
		plot_chip_coverage: if chip coverage plot for genes should rerun

output:
	folder: The path of the output folder
	report: specific filters to be used for the report. Each item is the suffix of the report name
		threshold: minimum chip coverage for the peak
		target: treatment used in comparison of fold change
		constraints: Other treaments and their fold change compared to the target
	plot:
		avg_plot_samplelists: list of treatments in the average TSS coverage plot
		plotcoveragegenelist: list of the genes for chip coverage plot
		superenhancer: list of treatments for super enhancer plots and the list of genes 
		
		 